Guarding the front rank, how could Ye Qingyuan have such a good life?
Impossible! It’s true before,
You don’t believe in love! Then why is Mr. Shen so accurate?
Shall I send Ye Qingyuan there myself?
But for you to recruit the right person? I think,
I want you to push this button!
You got it! That’s because Ye Qingyuan doesn’t know the temper of his biological parents whom he hasn’t seen for many years!
Think about it as an ordinary person and examine it,
Once the inspection is complete, I will notify Mr. Shen to come over!
You're like this! Don't scare me!
You hit too hard
Ye Qingyue's parents haven't seen his daughter for many years.
Mr. Shen has arranged for you to go to Song Dynasty again this time.
Then you can send me there
Wait until I become the richest man’s daughter
Just marry you
Become the richest man’s daughter’s beautiful daughter-in-law
But I don’t know whether this is also in this villa
you are so greedy
Will you really marry me then?
If I don't marry you
Will you break up with me and die together?
Tell me when I help you with your daughter.
Don't worry, you will definitely
It's a matter of one move with you and my actors
I sold my dress on the road
Just let him lose more and more.
My karma has not returned either
God Ancestor comes back to find me
Oh, wait until I become the first deputy Chongjin
What I want to say to the divine ancestor who wrote the meeting
The message Wanping is used
The person who just collected the bill
It can't be his fake method
Could you please stop for that street guy in front of you?
Let me go with Captain Zhang.